Brother, except for this Li Zaixu
There is also Gao Mingyu
If something goes wrong, there must be a demon.
There's nothing good about the three of them together
You keep staring at me
Let me know as soon as you find anything.
What are you doing? Dongzi is calling
Nothing.
How are you talking about the Kimchi Country project?
It's going well
Sign the contract the day after tomorrow
My funds are already ready.
As long as the two parties sign the contract
The other party can inject capital immediately
The project can be officially launched
I don't understand business matters
But don't worry about the capital injection.
I'm measured
Wife
You've been working too hard on the turret drum project these days
I watched our wedding
Otherwise, leave it to the planning company.
This is their plan.
See if you like it.
So careful
A must. Hmm.
This is nice, right? Well, I like this one.
Something big happened to Mr. Sun, and the South Korean side suddenly breached the contract.
Li Zaicontinued to unilaterally announce the termination of cooperation
Stop investing
Pardon me?